Good day Dear friend,

I am Mrs. Deborah Par, from republic of Ireland, born in the state of Ohio USA. I am legally married to Mr. Goodman Khanyile a South Africa citizen born brought up in Switzerland, I live in Switzerland with my husband for 32 years before we move down to South Africa in 1985 after my husband retirement in 1974, I am 76 years old by the grace of God, I am a new Christian convert, suffering from long time cancer of the breast.

All indication from my doctor that my conditions is really deteriorating and it is quite obvious that I wouldn’t live more than two months, according to my doctors and in all indication regards to medical analysis.

This is because the cancer disease has gotten to a very bad stage that no hope for me to be a living person again. My dear husband was involved with the January 2000 Kenya airways plane crashed as you can see on the news line web site. Http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6627485.stm 40 years period of marriage life, still we could not produce any child, my late husband was very wealthy and after his death, I inherited some part of his business and money in the bank.

Today I have decided to donate and contribute to the less privileges, charity and orphanage homes.

I made this decision after listing to the news line about 100 years old woman who secretly donate her fortune upon her death.
I choose you after viewing your profile and I have confident in you because I have prayed. I am willing to donate the sum of $20.5million U.S Dollars, to the less privileged.
YOU WILL ALSO GET 30\25 OF THE MONEY WHICH WILL BE; SIX MILLION AND ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS $6,100,000 AS YOUR COMPENSATION FOR HELPING ME FULFILL THIS DESIRE OF DONATION.
Please I want you to note that this fund is still in the bank where my husband deposited it. I am going to advice my lawyer to change my last will to your name and file in an application for the transfer of the money in your name.
lastly, I honestly pray that this money when transferred will be used for the said purpose even though I am late then or alive, because I have come to find out that wealth acquisition without God is vanity according to the wisest king in Israeli Solomon, and I made the promise to God that the fund will be use to help the needy and the less privilege.

Kindly contact me with my private email for further discussion below.
Email Address: epar.deborah@yahoo.com.hk

I await urgent reply. discussion
Remain blessed

Mrs. Deborah Par